Note :
1. Marks Pattern must be a numeric value which can be either a float or an integer
2. Successive Marks Patterns must be seperated by a comma(,)
3. All Marks Patterns need not be entered in a single line
4. If the question is Description enter marks as 0
5. Marks Pattern of all the questions should be entered

Example:
	If there are 10 questions of which first five carry 1 marks each, and next four
	carry 0.5 marks each and the last one is a descriptive(0 marks). Then the marks
	pattern can be given as:
	
	1,1,1,1,1,0.5,0.5,0.5,0.5,0 (Note that there is no comma(,) after the last value)

		(or)

	1,1		            (Since the 'new lines' will be ignored)
	1,		            (This is one of the many possibilities)
	1,1
	0.5,0.5,0.5,
	0.5,
	0


Note :
1. Multiple answers must be seperated by a comma(,)
2. All answers need not be entered on a single line. They can be entered across multiple lines.
3. Answers of all the questions should be entered
4. You can choose "Case Sensitive" evaluation, for the 'text answers' to be evaluated Case-Sensitively.
5. Following values should be used as substitution rule for the respective answers:

	i.   For 'A','B','C',D' enter A,B,C,D respectively
	ii.  For True use T, and for False use F
	iii. If the question is a descriptive, enter N
	iv.  for 'text' answers enclose the text between $ signs
		example: $Hey! boy? i didn't do nothing!$, $He said,"I didn't do anything!".$

Example:

	If there are 10 questions of which first 9 have answers as A,B,C,D,True,False,This ain't a text answer, True,D, and the last one is a descriptive. Then enter any one of the many possiblities, of which two are shown below:

	A,B,C,D,T,F,$This ain't a text answer$,T,D,N	(There is no comma(,) after the last value)
	
	(or)
	A,B,C,				(Answers can be entered across multiple lines)
	D,				(This is one of the many possibilities)
	T,
	F,$This ain't a text answer$,
	T,D,N	


Note :
1. Successive Question types must be seperated by a comma(,)
2. All values need not be entered on a single line. They can be entered across multiple lines.
3. Question type of all the questions must be entered
4. Following values should be used as substitution rule for the respective Question types:

	i.   For Multiple choice question, enter M 
	ii.  For True or False question, enter TF
	iii. If the question is a descriptive, enter D
	iv.  for 'text-answers' type questions enter T (Don't confuse it with TF,which stands for True or False)

Example:

	If there are 10 questions of which if the first 4 are Multiple choice, 5th and 6th are True or False type, next 3 are 'text-answer' type of questions, and the last one is a descriptive. Then enter any one of the many possiblities, of which two are shown below:

	M,M,M,M,TF,TF,T,T,T,D	  	(There is no comma(,) after the last value)
	
	(or)

	M,M,M				(Answers can be entered across multiple lines)
	TF,				(This is one of the many possibilities)
	TF,				(Don't confuse TF with T, TF stands for True or False while T for Text type)
	T,T,
	T,D
